in this video I will be reviewing my
Dodge Viper GTS our dt2 this car came
out in 1997 is this was a race car to
sell this was a race car for the road to
celebrate dodge vipers win and Daytona
I believe so I'm gonna review this 1:18
scale model car built by Matt I still
let you know some things I like things I
don't like about it and let me know when
I could all reveal so the first thing I
noticed about this car when I first got
it is all the dodge vipers made by my
ace though I actually have a very
well-built engine compartment it's um
it's very well built it's a very well
detailed actually has the air intakes
has the sugar caps all those actually
pretty well laid out so the entry
program is actually really good-looking
the paint on this car is um pretty good
except for one little detail I'll show
you in a minute
next thing on this car is the interior
open the other side is the interior is
actually two-toned it's blue and black
and that's actually really detailed is
on the each gauges it's not a sticker
it's actually molded in so each sticker
it's not a um so each gauge actually set
is set apart has some decent decent
pedals does not have any like belt
carpets or anything else like that the
door panels are two-toned as well so
this car actually looks pretty good from
you know the interior wise so when the
trunk it actually is a pretty big trunk
ISM if you want to have like something
to hold up the engine cover you can get
like a little piece of plastic a little
piece um actually you can make it take a
q-tip and turn that into it if you cut
off the fuzzy ends of a q-tip and you
can actually put it right here in this
little area right here but um let me
show you one bad part about this cars
paint is this isn't at a focus at all is
this paint actually it's really really
fuzzy it's um it's not definite it looks
like it was poorly air bike spray
painted on these two stripes right here
and then I actually almost loses some of
the look of the car I don't know if this
is this happened all the cars but this
is what's on mine you actually has the
DTS our logo right here and has the
viper logo right here dodge and the
Viper and boom right here this does come
with a rear spoiler it's made out of
plastic that's actually on there pretty
well and I don't think you could get
that off so here's the underneath of the
car this car actually looks really good
underneath as well as some this cars put
together really well the wheels actually
are on there pretty good um they're not
wobbly there no I don't feel like the
wheels could come off this does come
with an independent suspension on each
one of the wheels so um this car
actually like a lot except for that back
paint problem but I don't know if that's
just my car that happened to all of them
but um this car I would I paid about $24
for this car new and is actually really
about what it should be priced out at
they didn't get one used um I would I
really wouldn't pay more than 10 15
bucks someone used but other than that I
mean it's a really good car to have in
your collection
um for the very serious model collector
I I've seen at least one auto art
version of this and there really wasn't
that much of a difference to cause the
huge price gap in between them so I
really don't know it's really up to your
opinion if you like my ice though I
actually do like mastis for the price
and what you get but um this car I think
it compared to any other Dodge Viper
model I know Hot Wheels had one I they
didn't do a DTS are but they do have the
SRT 10 is Maya so does probably the best
Viper model out there so um my opinion
not really if you in the Vipers and
somebody I get this model or not I get
this model I get the GTS version which
I'll be reviewing later and you know
keeping your collection cuz these cars
are actually really good thank you for
watching my video comment like subscribe
you know let me know if you want to see
another like a different car let me
anything else let me know if you like
the new lighting setup background thing
I have going on right now um let me know
a comment